
Bucket	Questions	Answer															
Payment Delays	I have not received my payment yet. When will I receive my payment for last month?	Connect with your manager for the payment cycle and  ask them to verify the settlement report 															
	I have recieved only partial payment for XYZ project.	Payment is done as per the case status and the rate card is applied for the particular cases.  Please connect with project manager or a coordinator for further clearifications. 															
	I have been asked to return the money I recieved for the applications made for XYZ project.	After reviewing the cases, if the M&E team discovers any duplicates or rejected applications from the backend those cases are aborted , and the payment for those cases is recovered in the next payment cycle.															
	Why was my payment not made during the payment cycle?	It depends upon the bank details that have had been provided, if any details are missing and need to be updated, there may be a delay in payment. Please connect with your manager for the payement cycle															
	I did a particular number of applications but I recieved payment for less number of applications	It depends upon the case status, ie, on what stage the case status has been updated and verifed will determine the number included in the settlement report															
	How much payment was given per application for a particular project?	The project manager decides the payment for particular schemes and according to that, the researcher will update the rate card. As per the mapped rate card, the payment gets initiated for each project.															
	There is a payment for docket submitted but in this case if the benefit recieved takes time, will I get full payment for all the DS applications?	Yes. If the rate card is mapped for the docket submitted status, once the the applications are in the docket submitted status, then the haqdarshak will get the payment 															
Technical and Trust Issues with OTPs	Even after waiting for long, OTP did not come	The user must have an active plan on their provided number, and must have network coverage. The user can troubleshoot by toggling the airplane mode on and then off on their phone.															
	OTP was delivered, but by the time I entered it, it got timed out	If the OTP expires, you should click the resend OTP button.															
	Ciizens were hesitant to share the OTP	The Haqdarshak needs to explain to the citizen why trhe OTP is needed, with full infromation about our T&C and benefits they share the OTP															
	Is there a way to bypass the OTP where the citizen is reluctant to share the OTP.	OTP is the citizen's consent and can not be bypassed. Haqdarshaks need to convince the citizen the reason we collect the OTP.															
	OTP was recieved in a different number	Please verify the number carefully. Only the number entered during registration will receive the OTP.															

App and Network Issues:	I am not able to Login to the APP with the login ID credentials	"If the user has entered the correct username, password and product key, then the login will happen properly.  If a previous device is registered, the user will see the ""user exceeded"" error. If the user has not opened the app in over 14 days, then the user will get an error pop up that their accont is inactive."															
	After uploading the proofs, it takes long time to sync the data in the HD app	Make sure the network coverage is strong while uploading the proof to avoid any errors.															
	App data sync up is very slow	Make sure the network coverage is strong															
	While creating the profile, suddenly the App restarts	This issue was occuring earlier and now has been fixed.															
	Even if the citizen is eligible, certain schemes do not show in the eligible schemes	If the questionnaire is completed correctly, the relevant schemes will be shown as per the eligibility critiera. Please make sure that the scheme you are looking for is mapped under that org.															
	I am not able to create a case for a citizen in the App	Before creating a case, first the haqdarshak needs to add the family. After adding the family, the haqdarshak needs to fill the questionaire. Then according to the filled questions, a case can be opened for a scheme or document.															
	I am not able to screen the citizen, it is buffering.	Haqdarshak needs to restart the app and start the process of screening again															
Training and Scheme Application Needs	I do not know how to check beneficiary status of various schemes such as PM Kisan, MGNREGA	The user can check the beneficiary status on the government website of the particular scheme.															
	What is the eligibility of scheme xyz	The haqdarshak can do this in the HD app, they need to click on the scheme and check the eligibility creteria.															
	What documents are required to apply for scheme xyz	The haqdarshak can do this in the HD app, they need to click on the scheme and check the documents required.															
	What is the service fee for scheme xyz	Service fee is nothing but how much hd take charge to do the application for any schmes . It is depend on the project module															
	What is the screening fee for scheme xyz	The screening fee is the token deducted after completing the screening questionnaire in the app to check the list of the available schmes. It involves filling out the questions shown in the app during the screening process.															
	What is the government fee for scheme xyz	Goverment fee is the fee which set by the government to process the application 															
	What is configuration update.how do i do it?	Configuration update means just like an app data update if the if there is changes made  in the server from the backend we need to do the this update to refelct in the app. Steps to do it go to setting of the app and click on the about option and click on the configuration update															
	exclamatory mark is showing on the right side of the citizen profile	This means that the citizen's profile is not complete and full screening has not been done.															










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































